the young and old the sick and injured
many of their homes already
destroyed ordered to evacuate and then
told to move
again Israeli forces dropped leaflets
telling thousands of Palestinians to
leave neighborhoods in eastern Gaza City
most of these people have fled Israeli
military operations hunting Hamas
Fighters many times before
they have displaced us and made us leave
our homes what could we do may they
suffer like they made us
suffer where are the Arabs and the Arab
leaders no one is helping us are we not
humans this is inside a medical facility
trying to treat malnourished children in
the northern Gaza Strip the UN says that
more than 50,000 children in Gaza
require urgent medical treatment for
acute
malnutrition the UN and international
rights groups accuse Israel of blocking
Fuel and medical
supplies after more than 9 months of War
and what the Palestinian Health Ministry
says are over 38,000 Palestinians killed
International pressure is building on
Israel and Hamas to agree to a US
ceasefire proposal backed by the UN
negotiations through Katy and Egyptian
mediators that were stalled for weeks
have
restarted but Israel's primee minister
Benyamin Netanyahu says his main goal is
non-negotiable and that is to destroy
Hamas Hamas says it has no shortage of
men willing to
fight the Manpower of thean brigades is
in very good shape during the war we
were able to recruit thousands of new
Fighters into the support ranks and
there are thousands more who are willing
ready and extremely motivated to join
when
necessary is 's bombing the fighting the
destruction of Gaza goes
on its besieged and baguer population
still trapped with nowhere safe to go
Charles statford
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer